So now it's time for us to connect pandas to map plot lib.
We have already seen numpy and connected it to pandas.
Now we're going to connect pandas with this other library, which is the one that is going to allow
us to transform our data, which is organized as tables, columns and rows, and pass it to graphs.
So something that visually can make it much easier to understand.
And this is going to be a little bit of an introduction because it's the connection between these two
libraries.
The first thing we're going to do is import math, plot lib, and create a graph with the values in
the mileage column.
Then we're already know that to input something, we type input Matt plot lib and we're going to import
it also with a nickname which is going to be p, l t then we're going to call through the percent sign.
Matt Plot lib in line.
What are we doing this for?
This is kind of a magic function, as they say, which is used to render inside the notebooks the graphs
we're going to build next.
So now let's build the first graph we call car sales and we call the mileage column.
But now we're going to apply the plot method at the end.
Plot is a type of graph, and look what happens when we run it.
Here comes our first plot.
Here we have mileage represented in a double entry plot.
But this line plot would not be the right plot because we are not trying to represent the continuity
of a process that is changing, but different elements independent of each other.
So what do you think?
If we represent it better with a histogram?
Okay, we do almost the same thing.
We put car sales and we call the column we want to represent, in this case, mileage.
And then instead of plot, we call another type of graph which is highest for histogram, and we execute
and we get a different graph with the same values but represented in a better way.
So now let's try to plot the prices column since it is another numeric column.
How would we do it?
Let's see.
Think for a moment.
And here I go.
Car sales and we call the column prices.
Don't forget that the name of that column includes a parentheses that says USD, and that's the full
name of the column.
And then we call Plot.
We run this line and we get an error.
So why do we get this error?
Let's see if you were expecting this.
I did expect it.
And that's why I've already anticipated it.
Here.
It says it didn't work, did it?
Any idea why this might happen?
Well, if we come further up to where we can see the dataframe displayed here, we can see that the
values in the prices column are not integers or floats.
They are strings.
So observe.
They have currency signs, they have commas and they have dots.
And with all these symbols, we can make values that can be used in a graph because they are not integers.
So how can we solve this?
Let's come here to this solution, which is remove the punctuation from the price column.
So in order to make a chart with these prices, we have to intervene on their values.
We call car sales.
More specifically, it's column price USD, and now we're going to make this variable equal to a copy
of itself.
That is to say that it is going to be equal to whatever is in the column prices, but we're going to
apply the method str dot replace.
And what we're going to replace in this string are some values to which we're going to put in a list
and that are going to be the comma which we mark before with the backslash, the currency sign, which
we also marked with a backslash.
And the point, these are the three types of signs that we want to modify.
So we now close this list and we put the inverted commas, the comma, and now we have to say what we're
going to replace them with.
That is to say, what are we going to put where so far there is a comma and a currency sign or a point.
Well, we want to replace them with an empty string.
That's the first part.
And once we've done that, we will have a string.
So we still have to transform it into an integer.
So we're back to putting that car sales prices USD, and it's going to be the same as whatever is in
car.
Sales price is USD and we're going to apply the A.
S type method, which is for casting.
Here we explain inside the parentheses what type of data we want now, and we want it to be an integer
slash 100.
So we call car sales to be able to see this and what we're going to get.
Look the table with our prices, a column full of integers.
So now with this modification done, I'm going to call car sales and it's prices used column and apply
the plot method to it.
Now we can make a graph with this.
Of course we can.
Our plot is now applied to the prices which are now numbers.
This was an introduction to math plot lib.
So fasten your seatbelts because in the next lesson we're going to dive right in to one of the most
powerful tools that Python has to offer.
So let's get to it.